Hey guys welcome back.
So last time we got this text set up so that when you click show are the relevant form.
The problem is when the page loads both the log in form and the register forms showing swimming a while
ago.
So we're going to change that now.
So they only show one where the page loads inside registered appear to be in the body element.
Chris script tag pure script and press tab.
And like I said before you cannot get rid of this if you want to.
You have to.
It just makes things a little bit cleaner.
So inside the script tyred we're going to put the camera that's just so show and hide the relevant form.
I think about Arrested our PSP.
We only have the code that shows or hides one of the forms.
So copy paste all of that go back to our script tag pasted in there and I'll even select all this impressed
tower would move it along just get the spacing correct and then we only want these two lines of code.
So take those.
So copy in that I'm going to get rid of all of this stuff.
So keep the document ready and then just paste those two lines now.
Right now if I say that refresh the page now you'll see only the registe form.
Sharing.
Great.
What if we get the log in form to show.
So if we change this to that show and this sworn hi and refresh that page now you'll see and log in
form shows that we do get a little glimpse of the register form when we the page so we can fix it pretty
easily.
Just go and get the idea of the reges form.
So register for an idea right there.
Go to use the SS file at the bottom just to pounce on your I.D. just the form and just display none
like that.
Now on to refresh the page you see we don't get there.
Register form Sharon.
If I click on this now you see it does show the register form of a card that hides which I form.
Great.
There is a slight problem though.
So like I just said blog inform showing.
Sorry if I know.
Sign up or click on this and I'll fill this out now.
So if I fill this out.
All right.
So I just typed the e-mail in there and now time the email like that so these obviously don't match.
But a password.
And then password if I met this form now.
You see the log in form is show and because the page is refreshed and if I actually going to see that
there are messes I have to click on this just to see the error messages and that's not what they do.
They don't have to refresh the page then click on that to see the rows of the form again.
So what you do.
If they've just submitted the register for show the register form.
If they haven't then show the log in form and that's actually really easy to do.
We need to do is to check whether they pressed the register burn or the log in burn.
So go back to here and into registered of HP and the code here that we used to show and hide it.
So we basically have these same two lines just reverse this form with hiding this will show need to
do is write something that lets us know whether the register but must press the log in bogus breast.
The problem is javascript can't tell when that page PSP bermas pressed.
We can ideologue's BP.
So what we're going to do is some PSP which checks whether the register brand was pressed and if it
was worn out put the relevant script make more sense to you.
Once you see me do it so open appears people are outside of the script out so that's out of the scope
of conveying people for any sign of up is being blocked.
Just do.
If.
Is it.
And then docusign underscore the post register.
BURTON Like that power.
And just to show you are can you say airco.
Hello to say see.
So go out here and fill up the password and then press sinop and you'll see hello top because of the
Britain's was press.
That's how we know.
Okay so this always happens when they wrenched the breast breast.
So if the register bomb was pressed we're going to outplay a science group.
So take this and we're going to print this out.
Okay.
You'll see what I mean now.
So we would say Echo is still in the PSP part of this airco and put a single quote and then paste that
script into there if you want you can move it along just so it's easier for you to see and then Press
sandercoe.
So we're printing this script out.
The reason we used single closely because we really use double quotes inside here so we can't you can't
used that quote.
So if the register was breast akko this one and then we can just say ELDs copy all that pases and the
again just reversed.
So hide and then show that.
And now to argue about it here and submit this again.
So just talk with.
Submit this.
You'll see the log in for I suppose let me just check out those.
The correct way round several register Burns press when I show that they go over there on higher ground.
So you wonder if the rest of us press you to hide the log in form and show the on and down here.
If the rosabel wasn't pressed we want to show the log in form and hide the register form.
Go about it here.
So submit that form again.
Some MIT.
And you'll see the rest of your shows.
And you did see though it flickers.
So you see the log in one first and then switch this and a way round that is just to do the same thing
we did for the Reds to force down here the veggies for me but display none.
You just do exactly the same.
The log in form.
So just put in form that way as well.
Maybe the comma has to apply to both of them edges form and the laurian form both have display none.
So just save that.
And this is just basically saying hi both of them and then let our javascript show the correct one.
So I submit that.
And there you go.
Now we don't see the long form at all.
When we submit the form.
So if I go about to log in for now by press.
Log in.
We see a lot in form.
And there you go is that easy.
So just to reiterate we're using pagg here to determine whether we're going to put this on a page the
script on the page or where it went.
But this script on the page any question it's all just in an honest way it works for you.